Add SR-IOV InfiniBand network configuration content [4.6] (#25655)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-net-attach.adoc

toc::[]

> You can configure an Ethernet network attachment for an Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) device in the cluster. For the detailed object specification, refer to xref:../../networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-net-attach.adoc#nw-sriov-network-object_configuring-sriov-net-attach[Ethernet device configuration object].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure an Ethernet network attachment for an Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) device in the cluster. For the detailed object specification, see xref:../../networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-net-attach.adoc#nw-sriov-network-object_configuring-sriov-net-attach[Ethernet device configuration object].
```

Reviewer: Here, too.
